hey how's it going Dave 2d here so MWC
is happening right now and there are a
few devices that have been announced I'm
just gonna go through some of them and
give you my thoughts on them the big one
the flagship phone at this event was the
galaxy s 9 from Samsung and most of the
information from that announcement was
leaked like way before the event but
it's still a pretty cool phone if you
don't know much about it like the some
resist it's the same kind of design and
shape as an s8 but there's four big
things that's got a brighter screen
faster processor stereo speakers and a
significantly improved camera now the
camera looks pretty cool on paper
supposed to have a variable aperture
from f1 point 5 2 F 2.4 and just in
laymen terms that just basically allows
you to control how much light is hitting
the sensor through a physical aperture
change which honestly sounds really neat
but my gut feeling about this tech is
that it's gonna be a bit of a gimmick
and I may eat my words when I actually
do my review on this thing but if you
think about how this campaign has played
out I feel like Samsung would have
plastered compared to photos between
like an F 2.5 lens that they have right
now versus like their old si that was
locked in at F 1.7 they would show
differences of these photos if it was
significant like wouldn't that be the
smart thing to do to make people like
amped up and kind of interested in
buying this phone for the camera but
we're not seeing that we're seeing a lot
of the slo-mo stuff which is cool but I
want to see the sharper pictures now in
their defense the galaxy s 8 last year
was such an awesome phone I think for a
lot of people it was basically a perfect
phone with a couple things that were
imperfect and the S line just kind of
fixes those few things so now you
basically have a perfect phone for the
galaxy user now there's something else
on the S line that not a lot of people
are talking about it's the updated heart
rate sensor or heart rate monitor I'm
not sure how they're doing this but
supposedly it can read blood pressure so
traditionally blood pressures read
through a cuff like every hospital every
like clinic will use an actual cuff you
gotta burn your arm wrap it around
inflate it to get your blood pressure
that's really the only accurate way that
people have been able to get blood
pressures the s9 can supposedly do this
with an optical sensor now if this is
legit if this isn't just like smoke and
mirrors from Samsung that is freaking
huge to be able to get blood pressure
off of an optical sensor on your phone
I know it doesn't affect most like young
people but older people that's that's a
real big benefit to be able to monitor
that over the course of like the life of
the phone if it's legit that's pretty
cool
aside from that nothing else is really
that interesting about the s-line
to me I think that's gonna be a cool
phone it's great phone but the SA looks
like a pretty awesome alternative if you
don't have one already if you're
interested in the air science okay
moving along the other phone that really
caught my interest was the vivo Apex
concept phone now this is a concept
phone it's not a pre-production model
it's not even an engineering sample it's
literally a concept that's fully
functioning and it looks awesome screen
to body ratio is just off the charts
that has this giant screen absolutely
beautiful looking phone up front it's
got one point eight millimeter bezels on
the top and the sides 4.3 millimeter
bezels on the bottom and they're doing
this because they've moved stuff around
so instead of an earpiece like the
traditional earpiece you have a bone
conduction earpiece instead of a camera
in the bezel it's got a pop up camera
it's got a flexible OLED panel to help
cram stuff around the edges of the phone
and it's got that fingerprint sensor
like built right into the screen so keep
in mind it's a concept I'm sure it cost
them like fifty thousand dollars to make
up one phone but it is awesome to feel
like that's just the future of smart
phones it's the most bezel free
functioning smart phone we've ever seen
it's really cool okay speaking of bezel
free devices the thing that caught my
interest the most was the new Huawei
mate book X Pro this thing looks sick
it's quite possibly the best-looking
laptop I've ever seen to date ultra thin
bezels nice looking design and it's
pecked out well it's running eighth gen
you processors and the MX 150 for some
graphical kick it's a pop-up webcam
because there's no space for it on the
bezel it's hidden under a key which is
cool but the truth is it's gonna have a
really really bad camera angle C on XPS
13 or an LG gram where it's got a
lowered webcam and it's kind of like on
the hinge or on the bottom bezel those
don't have great camera angles but at
least you can kind of like tilt the
screen to position it to at least a
better angle with this new mate book
that camera angles fixed but I think
it's worth it for the ultra thin bezels
now the previous generation of mate book
the mate book X from last year was
really good but the battery life on that
thing was terrible this one it's got a
significantly bigger battery I think
it's 57 watt hours the old one had 40 I
think that's a 50% increase yeah
just shy of 50% that's awesome like
that's that makes the battery life an
all-day battery I'm expecting like eight
maybe nine hours of battery life
they claimed twelve but if you look at
the fine print I feel like that some
really aggressive battery management's
like if you no one's running their
device at 115 s that's just not a
realistic measurement the hardware is
good overall though there's one concern
well two concerns one I don't like that
Huawei logo up front to feel like it's
pretty obnoxious but the big one I think
this affects more people is the whole
issue but security now I don't know how
much validity there is to this but
there's that fear that because it's a
Chinese company is a hardware somehow
bugged or compromised by the
manufacturer I feel like there's some
fear of that personally I don't think
like it doesn't affect me at all it
doesn't bother me at all but I could see
this being an issue for people they're
just a little more cautious with their
online security and stuff like that but
that basically wraps it up three devices
I think are pretty cool from MWC there's
still more to come hope you guys enjoyed
this video thumbs if you liked it subs
we loved it see you guys next time